c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.exe
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.pdb
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\DesignTimeExample.exe
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\DesignTimeExample.pdb
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\irisdaniela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\IrisDaniela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\Assets\Styles.xbf
C:\Users\IrisDaniela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\IrisDaniela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.g.cs
C:\Users\IrisDaniela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.xaml
C:\Users\IrisDaniela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\Assets\Styles.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.xr.xml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.exe
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.pdb
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\resources.pri
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\bin\Debug\DesignTimeExample.build.appxrecipe
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.g.i.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.g.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.xaml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.xaml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\App.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\DesignTimeExample.exe
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\DesignTimeExample.pdb
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\Artis\Github\DesignTimeExample\DesignTimeExample\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
